README.asciidoc, before:

:toc: left
:sectnums:
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: highlightjs

:source-highlighter: rouge
:rouge-style: thankful_eyes

= Crypto REST API

== Documentation

=== Base URL

link:http://localhost:8080/api[]

Example:
link:http://localhost:8080/api/status[^]

=== URL'S

[format=dsv, separator=$]
|===
*Request* $ *Path* $ *Description* $ *BODY*
// TEMPLATE
// Request $ Path $ Description $ BODY 

// API BALJIT -------------------------------------------------------------
GET $ /status $ Check status api $ /

GET $ /favorite-list/coins/all $ Overview all coins $ /

POST $ /favorite-list/coins/new $ Add coin to lost $ ```{ "name": "BITCOIN", "alias_currency": "BTC_EUR" } ```

GET $ /favorite-list/all $ Overview all favorite lists $ /

GET $ /favorite-list/coins/{id} $ Overview coins inside Favorite List $ /

POST $ /favorite-list/new/{name} $ Add new Favorite list $ /

POST $ /favorite-list/add-coin $ Add coin to favorite list $  ```{ "coin_id": 1, "fav_list_id": 2 }```

DELETE $ /favorite-list/remove-coin/{coinId}/{listId} $ Remove coin from Favorite list $ /

GET $ /kraken/status $ Status Kraken api $ /

GET $ /kraken/assets $ Assets Crypto Kraken $ /

// API ARTHUR-------------------------------------------------------------


GET $ /user/all $ Overview of all users $ /

GET $ /user/findByName/{name} $ Overview of user with given name $ /

POST $ /user/add $ Add new user to list $ ```{ "name": "name", "password": "pswd", "role":"User" }``` 

POST $ /user/update/{id} $ update an already existing user in the list $  ```{ "name": "name", "password": "pswd", "role":"User" }``` 

DELETE $ /user/delete/{id} $ Remove user from the list $ /


|===

Commit message:

Updated documentation for nomics queries

README.asciidoc, after:

:toc: left
:sectnums:
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: highlightjs

:source-highlighter: rouge
:rouge-style: thankful_eyes

= Crypto REST API

== Documentation

=== Base URL

link:http://localhost:8080/api[]

Example:
link:http://localhost:8080/api/status[^]

=== URL'S

[format=dsv, separator=$]
|===
*Request* $ *Path* $ *Description* $ *BODY*
// TEMPLATE
// Request $ Path $ Description $ BODY 

// API BALJIT -------------------------------------------------------------
GET $ /status $ Check status api $ /

GET $ /favorite-list/coins/all $ Overview all coins $ /

POST $ /favorite-list/coins/new $ Add coin to lost $ ```{ "name": "BITCOIN", "alias_currency": "BTC_EUR" } ```

GET $ /favorite-list/all $ Overview all favorite lists $ /

GET $ /favorite-list/coins/{id} $ Overview coins inside Favorite List $ /

POST $ /favorite-list/new/{name} $ Add new Favorite list $ /

POST $ /favorite-list/add-coin $ Add coin to favorite list $  ```{ "coin_id": 1, "fav_list_id": 2 }```

DELETE $ /favorite-list/remove-coin/{coinId}/{listId} $ Remove coin from Favorite list $ /

GET $ /kraken/status $ Status Kraken api $ /

GET $ /kraken/assets $ Assets Crypto Kraken $ /

// API ARTHUR-------------------------------------------------------------


GET $ /user/all $ Overview of all users $ /

GET $ /user/findByName/{name} $ Overview of user with given name $ /

POST $ /user/add $ Add new user to list $ ```{ "name": "name", "password": "pswd", "role":"User" }``` 

POST $ /user/update/{id} $ update an already existing user in the list $  ```{ "name": "name", "password": "pswd", "role":"User" }``` 

DELETE $ /user/delete/{id} $ Remove user from the list $ /

GET $ /nomics/ticker/{apiKey} $ Price, volume, market cap, and rank for all currencies across 1 hour, 1 day, 7 day, 30 day, 365 day, and year to date intervals. Current prices are updated every 10 seconds. $ /

GET $ /nomics/concurencies/{apiKey} $ The currencies endpoint returns all the currencies and their metadata that Nomics supports. $ /


|===
